TW-965 changes for introduction page (#4608)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/introduction/feedback.md

---
title: "Feedback"
updated: 2023-02-24

---

> Share your thoughts on the documentation and help the Postman team to improve it for yourself and other learners! To submit feedback, use the feedback controls below to rate a page or leave comments. You can also [create an issue in the documentation GitHub repo](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/issues) or post in the [community forum](https://community.postman.com/).

Reviewer: To leave a comment, it looks like you must first select a rating. What if we change "or" to "and" in the second sentence?

Author: Actually, no more Qualtrics, so I had to snip this.

> Share your thoughts on the documentation and help the Postman team to improve it for yourself and other learners! To submit feedback, use the feedback controls below to rate a page or leave comments. You can also [create an issue in the documentation GitHub repo](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/issues) or post in the [community forum](https://community.postman.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Share your thoughts on the documentation and help the Postman team continue improving it for the Postman community. To submit feedback, use the feedback controls below to rate a page or leave comments. You can also [create an issue in the documentation GitHub repo](https://github.com/postmanlabs/postman-docs/issues) or post in the [community forum](https://community.postman.com/).
```
